java cMGT 105Extra Credit Assignment Background and Introduction For the nearly two decades that I have been teaching college courses, many students have come to me to ask career advice. My initial advice is for students to begin researching the various options. Students research    industries, companies, and various roles within organizations. After performing the research, I ask students to complete a SMART goal-setting exercise and an internal SWOT analysis. SWOT stands for Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, and Threats. Please consider completing the goal-setting exercise and internal SWOT analysis sometime in the near future if you didn’t already do so in my MGT 103 course. Once a student has identified a path, the student is eager to gain employment. Often, however, the student is not prepared for the interview process.    Specifically, the student lacks a cover letter, resume, and the skills necessary to succeed in an interview.Cover Letter and Resume A resume is a personalized marketing document. There are a number of ways to prepare a resume and if you ask ten people to critique your resume, you will often get ten very different observations and suggestions for improvement. In general, resumes have your contact information, academic experience (often with relevant courses cited), work experience, skills/interests (computer software, foreign languages spoken, hobbies, etc.). You can Google resume building and view some samples, if you desire. The key is that you are comfortable with what is placed on the resume so don’t just blindly follow a model. Also, use action words to describe your responsibilities in the jobs you held and activities in which you participated. If you are targeting a job in an entry level position, your resume should fit to one page. No need to list references, those will be asked of you if the employer is interested in your hiring.A cover letter is used in situations when you are applying for an existing job without the benefit of a referral or introduction, either through an internet job posting or emailing/mailing a resume into a company with the hope that the company is hiring. You may Google a cover letter to see the general composition of the document. In order to complete this task, you should address the letter to the company that you wish to work for next and for a fictitious role for which you are likely to target. The main key to a cover letter is to keep it concise and not to make any grammatical errors.Interview Preparation If your cover letter and resume are successful and you obtain an interview, proper preparation is r代 写MGT 105 Extra Credit AssignmentC/C++
代做程序编程语言equired in order to land the job. I suggest students do two things before attending the interview (not counting the obvious logistics of finding the location, wearing the right clothes, bringing extra copies of their resume, etc.). First, I suggest students prepare a “strength list” (at least 10 things) on the left side of a piece of paper and then list their experiences (jobs, classes taken, volunteer work, sports teams, etc.) on the right side of the paper. Then, they just simply have to connect the strengths with the “supporting” experiences. This accomplishes the important “proof” of claims that students often make about their strengths. Also, by using a number of different experiences to justify their strengths, students can present themselves as being diverse and talented in many different ways. Second, I suggest students prepare answers to the standard interview questions listed on the next page (each response should be four or five sentences which equates to about 20 to 30 seconds of talking time, no more, and no less).Standard Interview Questions: 1.    What are your three greatest strengths?2.    What three areas about yourself do you consider things that you need to improve?3.    Describe a situation in a job, class, sporting competition, etc. when you faced adversity and how you were able to overcome it.4.    What did you like best about a memorable job, class, or sport that you held/participated in and how did it impact your life in a memorable way?5.    How does working in a team improve your individual performance?    Give an example from a job, class, or sport.The Assignment Your assignment is to prepare ONE file (PDF form, NO GOOGLE DOCS) that includes a cover letter, resume, strength list, and responses to the standard interview questions. The document should be reasonably grammatically correct, although I will not be marking it or grading it for grammar. This assignment is for you, not for me, so I will simply read it to make sure it was drafted in accordance with the requirements. You should keep a copy for yourself, refer to it often, and amend it as life becomes clearer. Successful completion and timely submission will earn you 5 points of extra credit. The assignment is all or nothing – partial extra credit will not be awarded. If you earn the extra credit, the 5 points will be added to your final exam score 24 hours after the final exam is initially graded and posted. There will not be any additional extra credit opportunities that will be made available to you during the quarter!




         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
